feat: support biomejs as a formatter and linter (#455)
mrlubos/openapi-typescript-codegen: docs/openapi-ts/migrating.md

## v0.42.0

### Changed `format`

> This config option has changed. You can now specify `'biome'`, `'prettier'`, or `false`. The default is `'prettier'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config option has changed. You now need to specify a value (`biome` or `prettier`) to format the output (default: `false`).
```

```js{2}
export default {
  format: 'prettier',
  input: 'path/to/openapi.json',
  output: 'src/client',
}
```

### Changed `lint`

> This config option has changed. You can now specify `'biome'`, `'eslint'`, or `false`. This default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config option has changed. You now need to specify a value (`biome` or `eslint`) to lint the output (default: `false`).
```
